what Google's quick read tells us about
the future of SEO if you haven't seen
yet Google's running an experiment
called quickread it is where they let
you know in the search results if
something is fast read or not it looks
something like this it's actually been
going on for a bit so why do you think
Google is running this experiment let me
know in the comments I'm really curious
to hear your thoughts do you think it's
because they want to point out something
ashore something's wrong something is
bad something is good let me know right
no one really knows the answer Google's
not telling us but I have some insights
well think of it this way we took some
data from ubersuggest we looked at 562
informational search queries can you
guess what percentage of the first page
results contained over 2 000 words a
whopping 41.9 as a Searcher do you
prefer reading long articles or short
ones the reality is is you don't care
what the length is you just want the
answer to your question as quick as
possible in other words you want someone
to solve your problem as quick as
possible whether that's one second or a
minute you ideally don't want to take
too long if you can get in a minute
great if not then you're hoping to get
in two minutes and if that's not
possible you're ideally hoping to look
to get the solution to your problem
within three minutes and so forth so on
but no one wants to read a 10 minute
article to find an answer when they
could have gotten the answer in one
minute a great example of this is would
you want to read a 10-minute article
that breaks down the answer to two plus
two of course not you just want to know
that the answer is 4. SEO isn't about
workout and you can see this with what
Google is trying to do here with their
quick retest don't optimize your content
for length optimize it for quality and
give people what they want as quick as
possible sometimes you just need 10 000
words to do that and sometimes you only
need 300 words
Google wants people to get the answers
to their problems as quick as possible
it's why when you type in stuff like Las
Vegas weather into Google you see
whether right away instead of having to
go to a random web page if you want to
do well in the long run optimize for
giving people what they want in the
least amount of words as possible just
imagine yourself searching a group for a
solution are you gonna go click on a
quick read result or are you going to
take the long painful path I'm just
saying giving people what they want as
quick as possible is the ideal thing to
do that's how you win with content
Marketing in the long run now if you
need help with your content marketing
strategy you're trying to figure out hey
it's just something to me long short how
can I give that impact as quick as
possible even though my competitors have
really long content check out our Ad
Agency NP digital where we help our
customers do this if you just have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer and help you out if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for your
time